I am starting a series of writing exercises inorder to improve my vocabulary.
These exercises are designed in a way that I pick some topic I want to talk about. Write whatever I can think about it.
Then go back and make improvements to this essay.

WE 1 12/28/2016

Last week, I watched a movie called Dangal. Dangal is one of the most awaited Bollywood movies of this year mainly because of Aamir Khan, a versatile 
actor of Hindi cinema with near perfect dedication to the craft. Like everyone else, I too had high hopes on this because I watched and fall in love with 
some of his recent movies Lagaan, 3 Idiots and PK.
I don't know if setting high expectations on a movie or a product in general will do any good but promotion is necessary to make sure people are aware 
of the product that is coming. This is something that we can talk about. If I have high expectation on a product, my approach to it will definitely 
be different when compared to the product on which I have zero interest in. So, what good it does is it will help grab the full attention of the user.
After this phase, it's upto the quality of the product to keep up with user expectation. If it passes, it's huge. If not, it's a disaster even if it's alright
coz it's not meeting the expectation. In contrast to the above, if a product doesn't have any expectation set before it's release, odds are that people may 
not pull audience to the theater but if the product is good, it ultimately attracts the customer. I think this is why the notion of under promise and 
over deliver is so popular in our society. 
Having said that, let's dive into the story of the movie. I already know before hand that Dangal is real life story of an athlete.Beyond that, I have 
no idea what this has to offer. 
Aamir Khan is a veteran wrestler who couldn't win a medal for the country. He thinks one day his son will fulfill his dream. He loses hope after seeing his 
fourth child too turns out to be a girl. Events unfold in a way that one day he realizes that gold is gold no matter who brings it. He starts training his
two girls and because of this, he has to go through a lot of rejection and disconnect from the community. His wife suggests to give up the idea and he insists on 
trying this for one year. To me, this has a very important lesson the story tells. Here is a good answer to the question of how much we need to leave kids to 
their free will vs how much we need to push them towards what we think is right. Kids in their natural disposition will always pick things that are easy and fun.
Guiding them to a certain extent, teaching them hard earned values like discipline, responsibility, leadership is essential. However, there is a threshold for everything.


